---
category: About
title: 'About RhinoCircular'
url_path: '/dev_notes'
type: 'ABOUT'

layout: null
---

### What is RhinoCircular?
A plugin for Rhino/Grasshopper parametric CAD software allowing interaction with Madaster's material circularity tools.

### What organization is behind RhinoCircular?
 The Circular Construction Lab (CCL) in the Department of Architecture at Cornell AAP houses a design research program that advances the paradigm shift from linear material consumption towards a circular economy within an industrialized construction industry. 
 At the intersection of architecture, engineering, material and computer science, as well as economics, the lab investigates new concepts, methods and processes to 
   

(1) Design and construct buildings as the material depots for future construction. <br>
(2) Activate the potential of the built environment as an 'urban mine' for today's construction. 


 CCL understands architecture as part of a regenerative and restorative cycle and sees design as a vehicle that can advance this ambition with excellence in teaching and research. 
 Through close collaborations with academic, industrial, and legislative/ political partners the lab ensures the relevance of its work and promotes the direct and full-scale implementation of research results towards a more sustainable, low/ no-carbon, circular construction industry.

### What technology did we used to build this documentation site?
Github Pages, Ruby, Jekyll, and a Jekyll theme called [Carte](https://github.com/Wiredcraft/carte).

### What license does RhinoCircular use?
We are working on it!